README.md, before:

| [home page](https://cmustudent.github.io/tswd-portfolio-templates/) | [data viz examples](dataviz-examples) | [critique by design](critique-by-design) | [final project I](final-project-part-one) | [final project II](final-project-part-two) | [final project III](final-project-part-three) |

# TSWD-portfolio-templates
These portfolio templates are for setting up your Telling Stories with Data site.  Edit these pages and add new ones as needed.   
It's always helpful to keep track of your web URL.  Consider putting that somewhere on your page for easy reference: 

- Web page URL: https://cmustudent.github.io/tswd-portfolio-templates/
- This repository: https://github.com/cmustudent/tswd-portfolio-templates/

# Portfolio
This is my public portfolio for Telling Stories with Data at CMU!  Here's where all my cool work will go.  You should probably hire me. 

# About me
Hi!  I really like data.  And I like visualizations.  So I guess you can say that I like data visualizations!

# What I hope to learn
All the things - obviously. Maybe I want to make a list of all the things.  If so, I can do so in Markdown like this: 

1. List item #1
2. List item #2
3. List item #3

or...

- List item #1
- List item #2
- List item #3

# Portfolio

# Examples
You can keep this section for stuff from in-class demos or your other work, or remove it. 

## Assignment: [Visualizing overnment Debt](visualizing-government-debt)
For this assignment, make sure you set up and link to a new page.  This page is linking to a new Markdown document called `visualizing-government-debt.md`.  For links to Markdown files in your repository, you can just include the name of the page without the `.md` extension. 

## Assignment 3&4: [Critique by Design](critique-by-design)
For this assignment, make sure you set up and link to a new page.  This page is linking to a new Markdown document called `critique-by-design.md`.  

## Final project
Here it might be helpful to include a high-level description of your final project. 
[Part I](final-project-part-one)
[Part II](final-project-part-two)
Part III(final-project-part-three)

---
## Other stuff you can do (you can remove this section - it's just for your reference.)

### Changing text

You can change text, like this: 

**Here's some bold** text.  Here's some *italic* text. Here's some ~~strikethrough~~ text. 

### Creating tables

You can build tables like this: 

| Name         | Type of pet | Favority activity 1 | FA 2   | FA 3            | FA 4                                |
|--------------|-------------|---------------------|--------|-----------------|-------------------------------------|
| Eli          | cat         | Sleeping            | Eating | Being pet       | Plotting to overthow dog empire     |
| Howard       | dog         | You                 | You    | You             | Eating                              |
| Frankenstein | fish        | Swimming            | Eating | Blowing bubbles | Forgetting                          |

An easy-to-use template generator tool [can be found here](https://www.tablesgenerator.com/markdown_tables)

You can use different headings, like this: 

# Here's a large title (H1)
## Here's a subtitle (H2)
### ...and so on (H3)
You get the idea - just don't forget the space between the # and your title.  `#Title` won't work, but `# Title` will. 

### Adding images

Here's an example of how to add an image to my portfolio.  

![funny dog picture](funny-dog-unsplash.jpg)
> Photo by <a href="https://unsplash.com/pt-br/@charlesdeluvio?utm_source=unsplash&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=creditCopyText">charlesdeluvio</a> on <a href="https://unsplash.com/photos/K4mSJ7kc0As?utm_source=unsplash&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=creditCopyText">Unsplash</a>
  

Alternately, you can set the size of the image using just a bit of HTML: 

<img src="funny-dog-unsplash.jpg" width="200"/>

Remember that you'll need to upload the image into your repository, or include a link to the image somewhere else.  

### Setting up a separate page

So here's the code you'll need to add to your own site to create a second page. 

1. First, create a new page in your repository (for example, dataviz1.md)
2. Next, add a link to that page by inserting the following into your readme.md page:

`[title](dataviz)` or `[dataviz](https://cmustudent.github.io/portfolio/dataviz.html)` or `[CMU](https://www.cmu.edu)`

Any of those formats will work. Here's some examples of working links: 

`[title](dataviz)` = [title](dataviz)  
`[dataviz](https://cmustudent.github.io/portfolio/dataviz.html)` = [dataviz](https://cmustudent.github.io/portfolio/dataviz.html)  
`[CMU](https://www.cmu.edu)` = [CMU](https://www.cmu.edu)   

Make sure to check these from your publicly accessible URL to make sure they're working correctly (not from the preview tab). 

Looking for more?  A nice Markdown guide [can be found here](https://www.markdownguide.org/cheat-sheet/)

## References
_List any references you used here._

## AI acknowledgements
_If you used AI to help you complete this assignment (within the parameters of the instruction and course guidelines), detail your use of AI for this assignment here._

Commit message:

Add first 3 sections and example iframe

README.md, after:

| [home page](https://cmustudent.github.io/tswd-portfolio-templates/) | [data viz examples](dataviz-examples) | [critique by design](critique-by-design) | [final project I](final-project-part-one) | [final project II](final-project-part-two) | [final project III](final-project-part-three) |


# Portfolio
Welcome to my public portfolio for Telling Stories with Data at CMU! This is where I’ll showcase my cool work that transforms raw data into compelling visual narratives. Whether it’s uncovering insights, building interactive dashboards, or crafting striking infographics, I’m all about making data meaningful and providing interesting contextual insights to the user. If you're looking for someone who can turn numbers into stories, you should probably hire me.

# About me
Hi! I’m Ashish, a final year master's in Information Systems at CMU Heinz College. I am passionate about data, and I love bringing it to life through visualizations. There’s something exciting about discovering patterns, trends, and hidden insights in a dataset and then finding the best way to communicate them to your users. Whether it’s designing interactive charts, experimenting with different visualization techniques, or telling a data-driven story, I’m always looking for creative ways to make information engaging and accessible to everyone.

# What I hope to learn

I’m here to learn all the things—obviously! But more specifically, I want to explore best practices in data storytelling, improve my ability to design effective and intuitive visualizations, and experiment with different tools and techniques. I’d also love to dive deeper into interactivity, animation, and ways to make data more engaging for diverse audiences. Maybe I should list everything I hope to learn in Markdown, like this:

## Key Learning Areas  

<span style="color:blue; font-weight:bold;">✔ How to choose the best visualization graphs and charts for different datasets</span>  

<span style="color:green; font-style:italic;">✔ Best practices for making charts engaging and understandable</span>  

<span style="color:purple; text-decoration:underline;">✔ Tools like Tableau, and Datawrapper for creating visual stories</span>  

<span style="color:red; font-weight:bold; font-style:italic;">✔ How to use color, layout, and typography effectively</span>  


# Portfolio


##Here's the first chart I made in this course:

<iframe title="Is your city prepared for Urban Mobility ?  " aria-label="Split Bars" id="datawrapper-chart-fkZRi" src="https://datawrapper.dwcdn.net/fkZRi/2/" scrolling="no" frameborder="0" style="width: 0; min-width: 100% !important; border: none;" height="1734" data-external="1"></iframe><script type="text/javascript">!function(){"use strict";window.addEventListener("message",(function(a){if(void 0!==a.data["datawrapper-height"]){var e=document.querySelectorAll("iframe");for(var t in a.data["datawrapper-height"])for(var r,i=0;r=e[i];i++)if(r.contentWindow===a.source){var d=a.data["datawrapper-height"][t]+"px";r.style.height=d}}}))}();
</script>

## Assignment: [Visualizing overnment Debt](visualizing-government-debt)
For this assignment, make sure you set up and link to a new page.  This page is linking to a new Markdown document called `visualizing-government-debt.md`.  For links to Markdown files in your repository, you can just include the name of the page without the `.md` extension. 

## Assignment 3&4: [Critique by Design](critique-by-design)
For this assignment, make sure you set up and link to a new page.  This page is linking to a new Markdown document called `critique-by-design.md`.  

## Final project
Here it might be helpful to include a high-level description of your final project. 
[Part I](final-project-part-one)
[Part II](final-project-part-two)
Part III(final-project-part-three)

---
## Other stuff you can do (you can remove this section - it's just for your reference.)

### Changing text

You can change text, like this: 

**Here's some bold** text.  Here's some *italic* text. Here's some ~~strikethrough~~ text. 

### Creating tables

You can build tables like this: 

| Name         | Type of pet | Favority activity 1 | FA 2   | FA 3            | FA 4                                |
|--------------|-------------|---------------------|--------|-----------------|-------------------------------------|
| Eli          | cat         | Sleeping            | Eating | Being pet       | Plotting to overthow dog empire     |
| Howard       | dog         | You                 | You    | You             | Eating                              |
| Frankenstein | fish        | Swimming            | Eating | Blowing bubbles | Forgetting                          |

An easy-to-use template generator tool [can be found here](https://www.tablesgenerator.com/markdown_tables)

You can use different headings, like this: 

# Here's a large title (H1)
## Here's a subtitle (H2)
### ...and so on (H3)
You get the idea - just don't forget the space between the # and your title.  `#Title` won't work, but `# Title` will. 

### Adding images

Here's an example of how to add an image to my portfolio.  

![funny dog picture](funny-dog-unsplash.jpg)
> Photo by <a href="https://unsplash.com/pt-br/@charlesdeluvio?utm_source=unsplash&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=creditCopyText">charlesdeluvio</a> on <a href="https://unsplash.com/photos/K4mSJ7kc0As?utm_source=unsplash&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=creditCopyText">Unsplash</a>
  

Alternately, you can set the size of the image using just a bit of HTML: 

<img src="funny-dog-unsplash.jpg" width="200"/>

Remember that you'll need to upload the image into your repository, or include a link to the image somewhere else.  

### Setting up a separate page

So here's the code you'll need to add to your own site to create a second page. 

1. First, create a new page in your repository (for example, dataviz1.md)
2. Next, add a link to that page by inserting the following into your readme.md page:

`[title](dataviz)` or `[dataviz](https://cmustudent.github.io/portfolio/dataviz.html)` or `[CMU](https://www.cmu.edu)`

Any of those formats will work. Here's some examples of working links: 

`[title](dataviz)` = [title](dataviz)  
`[dataviz](https://cmustudent.github.io/portfolio/dataviz.html)` = [dataviz](https://cmustudent.github.io/portfolio/dataviz.html)  
`[CMU](https://www.cmu.edu)` = [CMU](https://www.cmu.edu)   

Make sure to check these from your publicly accessible URL to make sure they're working correctly (not from the preview tab). 

Looking for more?  A nice Markdown guide [can be found here](https://www.markdownguide.org/cheat-sheet/)

## References
_List any references you used here._

## AI acknowledgements
_If you used AI to help you complete this assignment (within the parameters of the instruction and course guidelines), detail your use of AI for this assignment here._
